"Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I'm possible'!" - Audrey Hepburn
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier, healthier life." - Germany Kent
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"It's not about having time. It's about making time." - Unknown
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"What you do today can improve all your tomorrows." - Ralph Marston
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
"Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Your limitation—it's only your imagination." - Unknown
"Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you." - Unknown
"The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it." - Unknown
"If you can dream it, you can do it." - Walt Disney
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Great things never come from comfort zones." - Unknown
"Dream big. Work hard. Stay focused." - Unknown
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Do something today that your future self will thank you for." - Unknown
"Small daily improvements over time lead to stunning results." - Robin Sharma
"Don't be pushed around by the problems in your life. Be pushed by the dreams in your heart." - Unknown
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." - Chris Grosser
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"Either you run the day, or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"The future depends on what you do today." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Your only limit is your mind." - Unknown
"Monday is a fresh start. It's never too late to dig in and begin a new journey of success." - Unknown